README.md, before:

<!-- INTRODUCTION -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://hoprnet.org" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
    <img width="100" src="https://github.com/hoprnet/hopr-assets/blob/master/v1/logo/hopr_logo_padded.png?raw=true" alt="HOPR Logo">
  </a>
  
  <!-- Title Placeholder -->
  <h3 align="center">HOPR</h3>
  <p align="center">
    <code>A project by the HOPR Association</code>
  </p>
  <p align="center">
    HOPR is a privacy-preserving messaging protocol which enables the creation of a secure communication network via relay nodes powered by economic incentives using digital tokens.
  </p>
  <p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod" alt="Gitpod">
  </p>
</p>

## Instructions

### Installing a binary from NPM

```sh
npm install -g @hoprnet/hoprd
hoprd --admin
```

### Developing with this repository

```sh
yarn          # Install tooling
yarn setup    # Setups the monorepo
# all done!

# if you want to regenerate yarn.lock files
yarn util:regenerate
yarn setup

# if you run into errors during setup
yarn util:reset
yarn util:regenerate
yarn setup
```

### Running applications

```sh
yarn run:hoprd         # Runs hoprd w/admin (:3000)
yarn run:chat          # Runs hopr chat in terminal
```

## HOPR ecosystem

- [**Core**](./packages/core/README.md): HOPR Protocol definition and source code.
- **Server**: gRPC-enabled Server to communicate with a HOPR Node
- **Protos**: Protobuf API for interacting with a HOPR Server
- **Chat**: Interactive REPL-like chat PoC for HOPR Nodes
- **Chatbot**: Automata able to reply to messages sent via HOPR Chat
- **Devops**: Infrastructure code for managing HOPR centralised servers.
- **Whitepaper**: Technical whitepaper for the HOPR Protocol
- **Documentation**: General documentation for HOPR
- **Assets**: Press and brand materials for HOPR & Association

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

- Twitter - https://twitter.com/hoprnet
- Telegram - https://t.me/hoprnet
- Medium - https://medium.com/hoprnet
- Reddit - https://www.reddit.com/r/HOPR/
- Email - contact@hoprnet.org
- Discord - https://discord.gg/5FWSfq7
- Youtube - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2DzUtC90LXdW7TfT3igasA

Commit message:

Pointing users where our docker images live
Fixes #330

README.md, after:

<!-- INTRODUCTION -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://hoprnet.org" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
    <img width="100" src="https://github.com/hoprnet/hopr-assets/blob/master/v1/logo/hopr_logo_padded.png?raw=true" alt="HOPR Logo">
  </a>
  
  <!-- Title Placeholder -->
  <h3 align="center">HOPR</h3>
  <p align="center">
    <code>A project by the HOPR Association</code>
  </p>
  <p align="center">
    HOPR is a privacy-preserving messaging protocol which enables the creation of a secure communication network via relay nodes powered by economic incentives using digital tokens.
  </p>
  <p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod" alt="Gitpod">
  </p>
</p>

## Instructions

### Installing a binary from NPM

```sh
npm install -g @hoprnet/hoprd
hoprd --admin
```

### Developing with this repository

```sh
yarn          # Install tooling
yarn setup    # Setups the monorepo
# all done!

# if you want to regenerate yarn.lock files
yarn util:regenerate
yarn setup

# if you run into errors during setup
yarn util:reset
yarn util:regenerate
yarn setup
```

### Running applications

```sh
yarn run:hoprd         # Runs hoprd w/admin (:3000)
yarn run:chat          # Runs hopr chat in terminal
```

### Docker images

All our docker images can be found [here](https://console.cloud.google.com/gcr/images/hoprassociation/GLOBAL) and are prefixed as `gcr.io/hoprassociation/$PROJECT:$RELEASE`. Stable releases live in [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/hopr)

## HOPR ecosystem

- [**Core**](./packages/core/README.md): HOPR Protocol definition and source code.
- **Server**: gRPC-enabled Server to communicate with a HOPR Node
- **Protos**: Protobuf API for interacting with a HOPR Server
- **Chat**: Interactive REPL-like chat PoC for HOPR Nodes
- **Chatbot**: Automata able to reply to messages sent via HOPR Chat
- **Devops**: Infrastructure code for managing HOPR centralised servers.
- **Whitepaper**: Technical whitepaper for the HOPR Protocol
- **Documentation**: General documentation for HOPR
- **Assets**: Press and brand materials for HOPR & Association

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

- Twitter - https://twitter.com/hoprnet
- Telegram - https://t.me/hoprnet
- Medium - https://medium.com/hoprnet
- Reddit - https://www.reddit.com/r/HOPR/
- Email - contact@hoprnet.org
- Discord - https://discord.gg/5FWSfq7
- Youtube - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2DzUtC90LXdW7TfT3igasA
