WORKFLOW.md, before:

# Development workflow

## Introduction

The HOPR Association team members have agreed on the following development workflow to streamline the process we use to implement the HOPR protocol.

## Principles

- **Automation-first**: Rely on automation as much as possible.
- **Tests & CI**: Tests should prevent bad deployments and API regressions. Continuous integration ensures all our code is tested before being merged into our baseline.
- **Releases & CD**: Every week, we do a code-freeze in our codebase by branching out a specific release, which we then deploy on every change.

## Rules

- All PR‘s should track to master.
- All PR‘s have to be approved by a team member different from the one who created the PR.
- All PR‘s must pass all status checks before merging.
- Releases can be merged back to master, but not always necessary.

## Workflow

### Daily Development

1. A team-member or an external contributor writes code in a **feature branch**, or in their own fork. The feature branch describe its goal, and any ticket it is related to. (e.g. “fixes 341")

2. Immediately after the creation of the branch, create a draft pull-request to stay up to date on progress. That way, every push on will build the project and runs the tests.

3. When the code is ready, mark the pull-request as ready to review, and request a code-review from a maintainer. In the case of team members, the approval of an additional team member is required. Externals require **two** maintainers to approve the change.

4. After a different team member reviews the code and indicates approval, the PR can be merged. If the history is messy, the PR can be squashed, otherwise, it is merged.

### Release Cycle

1. On Thursdays at 12 pm CEST, the PM Lead of the week will code-freeze `master` by creating a `release/**` branch tracking `master`. Release specific changes will be done in this branch to trigger this particular release then.

2. **(TEMPORARY, see #709)** After the `release/**` action has completed, we then crease a `cd/**` branch tracking `release/**`.

3. The `CHANGELOG.md` file is updated with the GitHub pull requests merged during that milestone.

4. The instructions with the release, how to test and what bootstrap server to use, are then shared in our social media channels.

## Actions

We made active use of actions to automate tasks trivial to our workflow.

- **Pre-release Version Bump**. When a PR to `master` is merged, an action bumps the package.json pre-release version and commits that change to `master`.

- **Tag Release**. When a PR to `master` is merged, a tag is pushed specifying that feature on that version.

- **Release Version Bump**. On first build, a `release/**` bumps the package.json by a `minor`, clearing the `pre-release` tag. Subsequent commits on `release` branches bump the `patch` version.

## Branches

- `master`: In our case, `master` is a **prerelease** branch - tests _must_ pass, and code _should_ be stable, but its _acceptable_ to have issues.

- `release/**`: Every week on Thursdays at 12 pm CEST, we cut a `release/**` branch, using an internal name to identify the release.

- `cd/**` **TEMPORARY, see (#709)**: After a successful release, we then branch out a `cd` branch which will deploy the artefacts based on the release builds from our CI.

## Additional Notes

Currently, we are relying on a separate step called `cd` to create the required servers for the release to work. This will be phased out after #709 and #627 are completed.

Commit message:

update workflow description (#843)
* update workflow description

* update description

Co-authored-by: Robert Kiel <robert.kiel@hoprnet.io>

WORKFLOW.md, after:

# Development workflow

## Introduction

The HOPR Association team members have agreed on the following development workflow to streamline the process we use to implement the HOPR protocol.

## Principles

- **Automation-first**: Rely on automation as much as possible.
- **Tests & CI**: Tests should prevent bad deployments and API regressions. Continuous integration ensures all our code is tested before being merged into our baseline.
- **Releases & CD**: Every week, we do a code-freeze in our codebase by branching out a specific release, which we then deploy on every change.

## Rules

- All PR‘s should track to master.
- All PR‘s have to be approved by a team member different from the one who created the PR.
- All PR‘s must pass all status checks before merging.
- Releases can be merged back to master, but not always necessary.

## Workflow

### Daily Development

1. A team-member or an external contributor writes code in a **feature branch**, or in their own fork. The feature branch describe its goal, and any ticket it is related to. (e.g. “fixes 341")

2. Immediately after the creation of the branch, create a draft pull-request to stay up to date on progress. That way, every push on will build the project and runs the tests.

3. When the code is ready, mark the pull-request as ready to review, and request a code-review from a maintainer. In the case of team members, the approval of an additional team member is required. Externals require **two** maintainers to approve the change.

4. After a different team member reviews the code and indicates approval, the PR can be merged. If the history is messy, the PR can be squashed, otherwise, it is merged.

### Release Cycle

1. On Thursdays at 12 pm CEST, the PM Lead of the week will code-freeze `master` by creating a `release/**` branch tracking `master`. Release specific changes will be done in this branch to trigger this particular release then.

2. Insert name and IP of the new bootstrap server machine into `scripts/cd/release_env.sh`, e.g. `["queretaro"]="34.65.207.39" `

3. Update DNS entry for `_dnsaddr.<releaseNativeCurrency>.<releaseName>.bootstrap.hoprnet.org/` such that it points to e.g. `dnsaddr=/ip4/34.65.207.39/tcp/9091/p2p/16Uiu2HAm42d5mgfFWhKwrRajV6Qa5u92Z9wdPTY36WPYh3J5MfHz`. Verify this with `dig -t TXT _dnsaddr.<releaseNativeCurrency>.<releaseName>.bootstrap.hoprnet.org`.

4. **(TEMPORARY, see #709)** After the `release/**` action has completed.

5. Make sure that `package.json` has been updated to the intended version. We use to create a new minor version for weekly releases. If it didn't update properly, update it to the next minor version with `lerna version minor`.

6. We then create a `cd/**` branch tracking `release/**`.

7. The `CHANGELOG.md` file is updated with the GitHub pull requests merged during that milestone.

8. The instructions with the release, how to test and what bootstrap server to use, are then shared in our social media channels.

## Actions

We made active use of actions to automate tasks trivial to our workflow.

- **Pre-release Version Bump**. When a PR to `master` is merged, an action bumps the package.json pre-release version and commits that change to `master`.

- **Tag Release**. When a PR to `master` is merged, a tag is pushed specifying that feature on that version.

- **Release Version Bump**. On first build, a `release/**` bumps the package.json by a `minor`, clearing the `pre-release` tag. Subsequent commits on `release` branches bump the `patch` version.

## Branches

- `master`: In our case, `master` is a **prerelease** branch - tests _must_ pass, and code _should_ be stable, but its _acceptable_ to have issues.

- `release/**`: Every week on Thursdays at 12 pm CEST, we cut a `release/**` branch, using an internal name to identify the release.

- `cd/**` **TEMPORARY, see (#709)**: After a successful release, we then branch out a `cd` branch which will deploy the artefacts based on the release builds from our CI.

## Additional Notes

Currently, we are relying on a separate step called `cd` to create the required servers for the release to work. This will be phased out after #709 and #627 are completed.
