docs/hopr-documentation/src/core-concepts/index.md, before:

<!-- ---
description: A general introduction to the HOPR ecosystem.
--- -->

```eval_rst
.. ATTENTION::
   These docs are currently being updated to reflect major changes to our software since our last release. Our Titlis testnet is currently running. To get started, visit the Installing HOPRD section from the sidebar, or visit our `Telegram Channel <https://t.me/hoprnet>`_.
```

# Overview

HOPR is a two-layer network with communication and incentivization mechanisms.

**HOPR** is a privacy-networking protocol able to communicate and transfer messages securely. This is defined by a **payment layer**, which is a distributed ledger technology \(DLT\) or blockchain infrastructure able to open payment channels on behalf of **HOPR nodes** running the **HOPR network**.

## Ethereum Blockchain

In its first implementation, HOPR relies on the **Ethereum blockchain** as its payment layer. Using **Ethereum smart contracts**, we open **payment channels** on behalf of **HOPR nodes** that forward messages. Message senders attach **HOPR** **tokens** in their messages, which upon successful delivery are paid to the **HOPR nodes** that relayed the message.

To achieve this, a **HOPR node** implements a connector interface that communicates to the Ethereum Blockchain using its popular web library, _web3js_**.** These interfaces allow **HOPR nodes** to monitor, approve, sign and verify when a message is transferred, and thus close a state channel and receive their earned HOPR Tokens. Each **HOPR node** verifies each other, avoiding foul play and rewarding only honest relayers.

![HOPR Protocol Ethereum Blockchain connector architecture](../../images/image.png)

Although the first instantiation of the **HOPR network** is on the Ethereum blockchain, HOPR is _chain agnostic_**,** which means that **HOPR nodes** can eventually implement different payment channels in different blockchains.

At the time of writing, HOPR is also able to implement a [Polkadot-enabled payment gateway.](https://github.com/hoprnet/hopr-polkadot)

Commit message:

Update docs nodejs 14 (#1240)
* Revert "Avado CI: new release"

This reverts commit b85a6165cc5f6d618796ef01867fe80768e5a857.

* nodejs 14

* correct version of hoprd

* add Polkadot disclaimer

* Node.js 14 gif

docs/hopr-documentation/src/core-concepts/index.md, after:

<!-- ---
description: A general introduction to the HOPR ecosystem.
--- -->

```eval_rst
.. ATTENTION::
   These docs are currently being updated to reflect major changes to our software since our last release. Our Titlis testnet is currently running. To get started, visit the Installing HOPRD section from the sidebar, or visit our `Telegram Channel <https://t.me/hoprnet>`_.
```

# Overview

HOPR is a two-layer network with communication and incentivization mechanisms.

**HOPR** is a privacy-networking protocol able to communicate and transfer messages securely. This is defined by a **payment layer**, which is a distributed ledger technology \(DLT\) or blockchain infrastructure able to open payment channels on behalf of **HOPR nodes** running the **HOPR network**.

## Ethereum Blockchain

In its first implementation, HOPR relies on the **Ethereum blockchain** as its payment layer. Using **Ethereum smart contracts**, we open **payment channels** on behalf of **HOPR nodes** that forward messages. Message senders attach **HOPR** **tokens** in their messages, which upon successful delivery are paid to the **HOPR nodes** that relayed the message.

To achieve this, a **HOPR node** implements a connector interface that communicates to the Ethereum Blockchain using its popular web library, _web3js_**.** These interfaces allow **HOPR nodes** to monitor, approve, sign and verify when a message is transferred, and thus close a state channel and receive their earned HOPR Tokens. Each **HOPR node** verifies each other, avoiding foul play and rewarding only honest relayers.

![HOPR Protocol Ethereum Blockchain connector architecture](../../images/image.png)

Although the first instantiation of the **HOPR network** is on the Ethereum blockchain, HOPR is _chain agnostic_**,** which means that **HOPR nodes** can eventually implement different payment channels in different blockchains.

At the time of writing, HOPR is also able to implement a [Polkadot-enabled payment gateway.](https://github.com/hoprnet/hopr-polkadot). _Note that the Polkadot runtime is right now outdated and not compatible with the current protocol version._
